Although the fandom.com wiki states that Finral had his hair dyed in a different color, that is based on the scene added in the anime by studio Pierrot, where Vanessa is shown dyeing Finral's hair, and that never happened in the manga.
In chapter 112, Magna and Luck see Finral with a different hairstyle and don't recognize him, until Asta appears and tells them that it’s clearly Finral. Finral then says that he just wanted to get himself pumped up and changed his hairstyle before the tournament.
But Finral lied to them.
In chapter 126, during the battle between Team E and Team G (Finral vs. Langris), after he uses the "Fallen Angel's Wing Beat" for the first time in the manga against Sekke and sends him to Yami's bathroom, he says a line that was translated in the official English version as:
"I did so much special magical training that it changed my hairstyle, but I still couldn’t master an attack spell. So..."
This could be interpreted as a joke about him deciding to change his hairstyle just to get himself pumped up, like he told Magna and Luck... Until you read the original Japanese version, which says:
"魔力の影響で髪型が変わるほど特訓したってのに結局攻撃魔法覚えられないんだがら..."
Which literally translates to:
"Even though I trained so much that my hairstyle changed DUE TO THE INFLUENCE OF MAGIC POWER, I still couldn't learn an attack spell, so..."
There is also the fact that in the same scene where he says that, his hair is emitting black particles and there's a sound effect as if it's under the influence of some kind of power.
In chapter 277, we learn that the Curse Magic of the human world came from Megicula. But pay attention to the term used, "Curse Magic," not the curses themselves that come from her, but rather the ability to cast curses. In the Japanese version, the term used is "派生," which specifically means "derivation." This means that, at some point in history, someone came into contact with Megicula, was affected in some way, and this change was passed down to future generations, making humans capable of using curses without needing Megicula. That's why not all curses disappeared when Megicula was defeated; they have no connection to her because they were cast by other individuals. We have proof in the manga itself that mana can influence the physical constitution of living beings and even create entirely new species, such as the marine species living near the Underwater Temple shown in chapter 59, which according to Magna, "evolved independently because of the mana".
But in the Japanese version, Magna, like Finral, uses a specific term: "影響" (eikyou), which means "influence."
Finral says his hairstyle changed due to "魔力の影響" (maryoku no eikyou), the influence of magic power.
Magna says the marine life evolved independently in that region due to "魔の影響" (mana no eikyou), the influence of mana.
We also have the Demon Tiger Pufferfish from the Land of the Sun shown in chapter 342, which mutated due to exposure to the Yoryoku (magic power) of the Five-Headed Dragon.
